h1. About phpScaffold

*phpScaffold* quickly generates simple CRUD scaffold modules for PHP/MySQL. It
takes a table dump and some file names as input from a browser session, and
cooks XHTML pages for editing the model.

It features basic HTTP or Session based authentication; searching, sorting and
paging facilities in listing page; and the generated forms responds to column
types @text@, @date@, @datetime@, @(var)char@ and @bool (int(1))@. It makes it
easy to add many CRUD modules to a single project.

I've started it from the public copy at phpscaffold.com, to be able to use it
in any new simple model I need, without having to tweak by hand automatable
tasks (_id est_, for no more reinventing wheels!).


h2. Installation and usage

# Go to @index.php@, and seed the form with your table schema.
# You can go to @tmp/table_name/@ to grab the files (make sure that @tmp/@ has
  write permissions for the web server), or copy&paste the code from the shown
  textareas to where you want.
# Adjust MySQL configuration and login (by default it's 'admin', 'pass') from
  first lines of @functions.php@.
# Start using it!

p{font-size:80%}. The table must be up and running; *phpScaffold* doesn't
change anything in the database.

p{font-size:80%}. You may add text search criteria adding 'text' as third
parameter to @search_options@ (in search page).


h2. To do list

* Link subfolders in layout.
* Distinguish between @int@ and @char@ columns, to tie text/number search
  options automatically.
* Date/date-range search.
* Table name and titles get broken if 'name' column exists.
* Upload files capability?
